Update index.rst (#50)
ChameleonCloud/docs: source/getting-started/index.rst

Step 1: Log in to Chameleon
===========================

Just click the “Log in” button situated in the top right corner of `our main page
<https://www.chameleoncloud.org>`_ -- you probably won’t even need to create an account! 

If your institution is a member of `InCommon`_ (most US research and education

> institutions are) -- or if you have a Google account -- you can log in with your i
> nstitutional/Google credentials via the federated login. Otherwise, the log in process 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
institutions are) -- or if you have a Google account -- you can log in with your
institutional/Google credentials via the federated login. Otherwise, the log in process 
```
